“If	you	are	there	to	protect	him	.	.	.	Severus,	will	you	swear	it?	Will	you
make	the	Unbreakable	Vow?”
“The	Unbreakable	Vow?”
Snape’s	expression	was	blank,	unreadable.	Bellatrix,	however,	let	out	a
cackle	of	triumphant	laughter.
“Aren’t	you	listening,	Narcissa?	Oh,	he’ll	
try,
	I’m	sure.	.	.	.	The	usual
empty	words,	the	usual	slithering	out	of	action	.	.	.	oh,	on	the	Dark	Lord’s
orders,	of	course!”
Snape	did	not	look	at	Bellatrix.	His	black	eyes	were	fixed	upon	Narcissa’s
tear-filled	blue	ones	as	she	continued	to	clutch	his	hand.
“Certainly,	Narcissa,	I	shall	make	the	Unbreakable	Vow,”	he	said	quietly.
“Perhaps	your	sister	will	consent	to	be	our	Bonder.”
Bellatrix’s	mouth	fell	open.	Snape	lowered	himself	so	that	he	was	kneeling
opposite	Narcissa.	Beneath	Bellatrix’s	astonished	gaze,	they	grasped	right
hands.
“You	will	need	your	wand,	Bellatrix,”	said	Snape	coldly.
She	drew	it,	still	looking	astonished.
“And	you	will	need	to	move	a	little	closer,”	he	said.
She	stepped	forward	so	that	she	stood	over	them,	and	placed	the	tip	of	her
wand	on	their	linked	hands.
Narcissa	spoke.
“Will	you,	Severus,	watch	over	my	son,	Draco,	as	he	attempts	to	fulfill	the
Dark	Lord’s	wishes?”
“I	will,”	said	Snape.
A	thin	tongue	of	brilliant	flame	issued	from	the	wand	and	wound	its	way
around	their	hands	like	a	red-hot	wire.
“And	will	you,	to	the	best	of	your	ability,	protect	him	from	harm?”
“I	will,”	said	Snape.A	second	tongue	of	flame	shot	from	the	wand	and	interlinked	with	the	first,
making	a	fine,	glowing	chain.
“And,	should	it	prove	necessary	.	.	.	if	it	seems	Draco	will	fail	.	.	.”
whispered	Narcissa	(Snape’s	hand	twitched	within	hers,	but	he	did	not	draw
away),	“will	you	carry	out	the	deed	that	the	Dark	Lord	has	ordered	Draco	to
perform?”
There	was	a	moment’s	silence.	Bellatrix	watched,	her	wand	upon	their
clasped	hands,	her	eyes	wide.
“I	will,”	said	Snape.
Bellatrix’s	astounded	face	glowed	red	in	the	blaze	of	a	third	tongue	of
flame,	which	shot	from	the	wand,	twisted	with	the	others,	and	bound	itself
thickly	around	their	clasped	hands,	like	a	rope,	like	a	fiery	snake.H
	
CHAPTER		THREE
WILL	AND	WON’T
arry	Potter	was	snoring	loudly.	He	had	been	sitting	in	a	chair	beside	his
bedroom	window	for	the	best	part	of	four	hours,	staring	out	at	the
darkening	street,	and	had	finally	fallen	asleep	with	one	side	of	his	face
pressed	against	the	cold	windowpane,	his	glasses	askew	and	his	mouth	wide
open.	The	misty	fug	his	breath	had	left	on	the	window	sparkled	in	the	orange
glare	of	the	streetlamp	outside,	and	the	artificial	light	drained	his	face	of	all
color,	so	that	he	looked	ghostly	beneath	his	shock	of	untidy	black	hair.
The	room	was	strewn	with	various	possessions	and	a	good	smattering	of
rubbish.	Owl	feathers,	apple	cores,	and	sweet	wrappers	littered	the	floor,	a
number	of	spellbooks	lay	higgledy-piggledy	among	the	tangled	robes	on	his
bed,	and	a	mess	of	newspapers	sat	in	a	puddle	of	light	on	his	desk.	The
headline	of	one	blared:
HARRY	POTTER:	THE	CHOSEN	ONE?
Rumors	continue	to	fly	about	the	mysterious	recent	disturbance	at	the
Ministry	 of	 Magic,	 during	 which	 He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named	 was
sighted	once	more.
“We’re	not	allowed	to	talk	about	it,	don’t	ask	me	anything,”	said	one
agitated	Obliviator,	who	refused	to	give	his	name	as	he	left	the	Ministry
last	night.Nevertheless,	 highly	 placed	 sources	 within	 the	 Ministry	 have
confirmed	that	the	disturbance	centered	on	the	fabled	Hall	of	Prophecy.
Though	Ministry	spokeswizards	have	hitherto	refused	even	to	confirm
the	 existence	 of	 such	 a	 place,	 a	 growing	 number	 of	 the	 Wizarding
community	 believe	 that	 the	 Death	 Eaters	 now	 serving	 sentences	 in
Azkaban	for	trespass	and	attempted	theft	were	attempting	to	steal	a
prophecy.	The	nature	of	that	prophecy	is	unknown,	although	speculation
is	rife	that	it	concerns	Harry	Potter,	the	only	person	ever	known	to	have
survived	the	Killing	Curse,	and	who	is	also	known	to	have	been	at	the
Ministry	on	the	night	in	question.	Some	are	going	so	far	as	to	call	Potter
“the	Chosen	One,”	believing	that	the	prophecy	names	him	as	the	only
one	who	will	be	able	to	rid	us	of	He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
The	current	whereabouts	of	the	prophecy,	if	it	exists,	are	unknown,
although	(
ctd.	page	2,	column	5
)
A	second	newspaper	lay	beside	the	first.	This	one	bore	the	headline:
SCRIMGEOUR	SUCCEEDS	FUDGE
Most	of	this	front	page	was	taken	up	with	a	large	black-and-white	picture
of	a	man	with	a	lionlike	mane	of	thick	hair	and	a	rather	ravaged	face.	The
picture	was	moving	—	the	man	was	waving	at	the	ceiling.
Rufus	 Scrimgeour,	 previously	 Head	 of	 the	 Auror	 office	 in	 the
Department	 of	 Magical	 Law	 Enforcement,	 has	 succeeded	 Cornelius
Fudge	as	Minister	of	Magic.	The	appointment	has	largely	been	greeted
with	enthusiasm	by	the	Wizarding	community,	though	rumors	of	a	rift
between	 the	 new	 Minister	 and	 Albus	 Dumbledore,	 newly	 reinstated
Chief	Warlock	of	the	Wizengamot,	surfaced	within	hours	of	Scrimgeour
taking	office.
Scrimgeour’s	 representatives	 admitted	 that	 he	 had	 met	 with
Dumbledore	at	once	upon	taking	possession	of	the	top	job,	but	refused	to
comment	on	the	topics	under	discussion.	Albus	Dumbledore	is	known	to
(
ctd.	page	3,	column	2
)
To	the	left	of	this	paper	sat	another,	which	had	been	folded	so	that	a	storybearing	the	title	
MINISTRY	GUARANTEES	STUDENTS’	SAFETY
	was	visible.
Newly	appointed	Minister	of	Magic,	Rufus	Scrimgeour,	spoke	today	of
the	tough	new	measures	taken	by	his	Ministry	to	ensure	the	safety	of
students	returning	to	Hogwarts	School	of	Witchcraft	and	Wizardry	this
autumn.
“For	obvious	reasons,	the	Ministry	will	not	be	going	into	detail	about
its	stringent	new	security	plans,”	said	the	Minister,	although	an	insider
confirmed	that	measures	include	defensive	spells	and	charms,	a	complex
array	of	countercurses,	and	a	small	task	force	of	Aurors	dedicated	solely
to	the	protection	of	Hogwarts	School.
Most	seem	reassured	by	the	new	Minister’s	tough	stand	on	student
safety.	Said	Mrs.	Augusta	Longbottom,	“My	grandson,	Neville	—	a
good	friend	of	Harry	Potter’s,	incidentally,	who	fought	the	Death	Eaters
alongside	him	at	the	Ministry	in	June	and	—”
But	the	rest	of	this	story	was	obscured	by	the	large	birdcage	standing	on
top	of	it.	Inside	it	was	a	magnificent	snowy	owl.	Her	amber	eyes	surveyed	the
room	imperiously,	her	head	swiveling	occasionally	to	gaze	at	her	snoring
master.	Once	or	twice	she	clicked	her	beak	impatiently,	but	Harry	was	too
deeply	asleep	to	hear	her.
A	large	trunk	stood	in	the	very	middle	of	the	room.	Its	lid	was	open;	it
looked	expectant;	yet	it	was	almost	empty	but	for	a	residue	of	old	underwear,
sweets,	empty	ink	bottles,	and	broken	quills	that	coated	the	very	bottom.
Nearby,	on	the	floor,	lay	a	purple	leaflet	emblazoned	with	the	words:
———	
ISSUED	ON	BEHALF	OF
	———
The	Ministry	of	Magic
	
PROTECTING	YOUR	HOME	AND	FAMILY	AGAINST	DARK
FORCES
The	Wizarding	community	is	currently	under	threat	from	an	organization
calling	itself	the	Death	Eaters.	Observing	the	following	simple	securityguidelines	 will	 help	 protect	 you,	 your	 family,	 and	 your	 home	 from
attack.
	
1.	You	are	advised	not	to	leave	the	house	alone.
2.	Particular	care	should	be	taken	during	the	hours	of	darkness.
Wherever	possible,	arrange	to	complete	journeys	before	night	has
fallen.
3.	Review	the	security	arrangements	around	your	house,	making
sure	that	all	family	members	are	aware	of	emergency	measures
such	as	Shield	and	Disillusionment	Charms,	and,	in	the	case	of
underage	family	members,	Side-Along-Apparition.
4.	Agree	on	security	questions	with	close	friends	and	family	so	as	to
detect	 Death	 Eaters	 masquerading	 as	 others	 by	 use	 of	 the
Polyjuice	Potion	(see	page	2).
5.	Should	you	feel	that	a	family	member,	colleague,	friend,	or
neighbor	is	acting	in	a	strange	manner,	contact	the	Magical	Law
Enforcement	Squad	at	once.	They	may	have	been	put	under	the
Imperius	Curse	(see	page	4).
6.	Should	the	Dark	Mark	appear	over	any	dwelling	place	or	other
building,	 DO	 NOT	 ENTER,	 but	 contact	 the	 Auror	 office
immediately.
7.	Unconfirmed	sightings	suggest	that	the	Death	Eaters	
may
	now	be
using	 Inferi	 (see	 page	 10).	 Any	 sighting	 of	 an	 Inferius,	 or
encounter	 with	 same,	 should	 be	 reported	 to	 the	 Ministry
IMMEDIATELY.
	
Harry	grunted	in	his	sleep	and	his	face	slid	down	the	window	an	inch	or	so,
making	his	glasses	still	more	lopsided,	but	he	did	not	wake	up.	An	alarm
clock,	repaired	by	Harry	several	years	ago,	ticked	loudly	on	the	sill,	showing
one	minute	to	eleven.	Beside	it,	held	in	place	by	Harry’s	relaxed	hand,	was	a
piece	of	parchment	covered	in	thin,	slanting	writing.	Harry	had	read	this	letterso	often	since	its	arrival	three	days	ago	that	although	it	had	been	delivered	in
a	tightly	furled	scroll,	it	now	lay	quite	flat.
Dear	Harry,
If	it	is	convenient	to	you,	I	shall	call	at	number	four,	Privet	Drive	this
coming	Friday	at	eleven	
P.M.
	to	escort	you	to	the	Burrow,	where	you	have
been	invited	to	spend	the	remainder	of	your	school	holidays.
If	you	are	agreeable,	I	should	also	be	glad	of	your	assistance	in	a
matter	to	which	I	hope	to	attend	on	the	way	to	the	Burrow.	I	shall	explain
this	more	fully	when	I	see	you.
Kindly	send	your	answer	by	return	of	this	owl.	Hoping	to	see	you	this
Friday,
I	am,	yours	most	sincerely,
Albus	Dumbledore
Though	he	already	knew	it	by	heart,	Harry	had	been	stealing	glances	at	this
missive	every	few	minutes	since	seven	o’clock	that	evening,	when	he	had	first
taken	up	his	position	beside	his	bedroom	window,	which	had	a	reasonable
view	of	both	ends	of	Privet	Drive.	He	knew	it	was	pointless	to	keep	rereading
Dumbledore’s	words;	Harry	had	sent	back	his	“yes”	with	the	delivering	owl,
as	requested,	and	all	he	could	do	now	was	wait:	Either	Dumbledore	was	going
to	come,	or	he	was	not.
But	Harry	had	not	packed.	It	just	seemed	too	good	to	be	true	that	he	was
going	to	be	rescued	from	the	Dursleys	after	a	mere	fortnight	of	their	company.
He	could	not	shrug	off	the	feeling	that	something	was	going	to	go	wrong	—
his	reply	to	Dumbledore’s	letter	might	have	gone	astray;	Dumbledore	could
be	prevented	from	collecting	him;	the	letter	might	turn	out	not	to	be	from
Dumbledore	at	all,	but	a	trick	or	joke	or	trap.	Harry	had	not	been	able	to	face
packing	and	then	being	let	down	and	having	to	unpack	again.	The	only
gesture	he	had	made	to	the	possibility	of	a	journey	was	to	shut	his	snowy	owl,
Hedwig,	safely	in	her	cage.
The	minute	hand	on	the	alarm	clock	reached	the	number	twelve	and,	at	that
precise	moment,	the	streetlamp	outside	the	window	went	out.Harry	 awoke	 as	 though	 the	 sudden	 darkness	 were	 an	 alarm.	 Hastily
straightening	his	glasses	and	unsticking	his	cheek	from	the	glass,	he	pressed
his	nose	against	the	window	instead	and	squinted	down	at	the	pavement.	A
tall	figure	in	a	long,	billowing	cloak	was	walking	up	the	garden	path.
Harry	jumped	up	as	though	he	had	received	an	electric	shock,	knocked	over
his	chair,	and	started	snatching	anything	and	everything	within	reach	from	the
floor	and	throwing	it	into	the	trunk.	Even	as	he	lobbed	a	set	of	robes,	two
spellbooks,	 and	 a	 packet	 of	 crisps	 across	 the	 room,	 the	 doorbell	 rang.
Downstairs	in	the	living	room	his	Uncle	Vernon	shouted,	“Who	the	blazes	is
calling	at	this	time	of	night?”
Harry	froze	with	a	brass	telescope	in	one	hand	and	a	pair	of	trainers	in	the
other.	He	had	completely	forgotten	to	warn	the	Dursleys	that	Dumbledore
might	be	coming.	Feeling	both	panicky	and	close	to	laughter,	he	clambered
over	the	trunk	and	wrenched	open	his	bedroom	door	in	time	to	hear	a	deep
voice	say,	“Good	evening.	You	must	be	Mr.	Dursley.	I	daresay	Harry	has	told
you	I	would	be	coming	for	him?”
Harry	ran	down	the	stairs	two	at	a	time,	coming	to	an	abrupt	halt	several
steps	from	the	bottom,	as	long	experience	had	taught	him	to	remain	out	of
arm’s	reach	of	his	uncle	whenever	possible.	There	in	the	doorway	stood	a	tall,
thin	man	with	waist-length	silver	hair	and	beard.	Half-moon	spectacles	were
perched	on	his	crooked	nose,	and	he	was	wearing	a	long	black	traveling	cloak
and	a	pointed	hat.	Vernon	Dursley,	whose	mustache	was	quite	as	bushy	as
Dumbledore’s,	though	black,	and	who	was	wearing	a	puce	dressing	gown,
was	staring	at	the	visitor	as	though	he	could	not	believe	his	tiny	eyes.
“Judging	by	your	look	of	stunned	disbelief,	Harry	did	
not
	warn	you	that	I
was	coming,”	said	Dumbledore	pleasantly.	“However,	let	us	assume	that	you
have	invited	me	warmly	into	your	house.	It	is	unwise	to	linger	overlong	on
doorsteps	in	these	troubled	times.”
He	stepped	smartly	over	the	threshold	and	closed	the	front	door	behind
him.
“It	is	a	long	time	since	my	last	visit,”	said	Dumbledore,	peering	down	his
crooked	nose	at	Uncle	Vernon.	“I	must	say,	your	agapanthus	are	flourishing.”Vernon	Dursley	said	nothing	at	all.	Harry	did	not	doubt	that	speech	would
return	to	him,	and	soon	—	the	vein	pulsing	in	his	uncle’s	temple	was	reaching
danger	point	—	but	something	about	Dumbledore	seemed	to	have	robbed	him
temporarily	of	breath.	It	might	have	been	the	blatant	wizardishness	of	his
appearance,	but	it	might,	too,	have	been	that	even	Uncle	Vernon	could	sense
that	here	was	a	man	whom	it	would	be	very	difficult	to	bully.
“Ah,	good	evening	Harry,”	said	Dumbledore,	looking	up	at	him	through	his
half-moon	glasses	with	a	most	satisfied	expression.	“Excellent,	excellent.”
These	words	seemed	to	rouse	Uncle	Vernon.	It	was	clear	that	as	far	as	he
was	concerned,	any	man	who	could	look	at	Harry	and	say	“excellent”	was	a
man	with	whom	he	could	never	see	eye	to	eye.
“I	don’t	mean	to	be	rude	—”	
he	began,	in	a	tone	that	threatened	rudeness	in
every	syllable.
“—	yet,	sadly,	accidental	rudeness	occurs	alarmingly	often,”	Dumbledore
finished	the	sentence	gravely.	“Best	to	say	nothing	at	all,	my	dear	man.	Ah,
and	this	must	be	Petunia.”
The	kitchen	door	had	opened,	and	there	stood	Harry’s	aunt,	wearing	rubber
gloves	and	a	housecoat	over	her	nightdress,	clearly	halfway	through	her	usual
pre-bedtime	wipe-down	of	all	the	kitchen	surfaces.	Her	rather	horsey	face
registered	nothing	but	shock.
“Albus	 Dumbledore,”	 said	 Dumbledore,	 when	 Uncle	 Vernon	 failed	 to
effect	an	introduction.	“We	have	corresponded,	of	course.”	Harry	thought	this
an	odd	way	of	reminding	Aunt	Petunia	that	he	had	once	sent	her	an	exploding
letter,	but	Aunt	Petunia	did	not	challenge	the	term.	“And	this	must	be	your
son,	Dudley?”
Dudley	had	that	moment	peered	round	the	living	room	door.	His	large,
blond	 head	 rising	 out	 of	 the	 stripy	 collar	 of	 his	 pajamas	 looked	 oddly
disembodied,	his	mouth	gaping	in	astonishment	and	fear.	Dumbledore	waited
a	moment	or	two,	apparently	to	see	whether	any	of	the	Dursleys	were	going	to
say	anything,	but	as	the	silence	stretched	on	he	smiled.
“Shall	we	assume	that	you	have	invited	me	into	your	sitting	room?”Dudley	scrambled	out	of	the	way	as	Dumbledore	passed	him.	Harry,	still
clutching	the	telescope	and	trainers,	jumped	the	last	few	stairs	and	followed
Dumbledore,	who	had	settled	himself	in	the	armchair	nearest	the	fire	and	was
taking	in	the	surroundings	with	an	expression	of	benign	interest.	He	looked
quite	extraordinarily	out	of	place.
“Aren’t	—	aren’t	we	leaving,	sir?”	Harry	asked	anxiously.
“Yes,	indeed	we	are,	but	there	are	a	few	matters	we	need	to	discuss	first,”
said	Dumbledore.	“And	I	would	prefer	not	to	do	so	in	the	open.	We	shall
trespass	upon	your	aunt	and	uncle’s	hospitality	only	a	little	longer.”
“You	will,	will	you?”
Vernon	Dursley	had	entered	the	room,	Petunia	at	his	shoulder,	and	Dudley
skulking	behind	them	both.
“Yes,”	said	Dumbledore	simply,	“I	shall.”
He	drew	his	wand	so	rapidly	that	Harry	barely	saw	it;	with	a	casual	flick,
the	sofa	zoomed	forward	and	knocked	the	knees	out	from	under	all	three	of
the	Dursleys	so	that	they	collapsed	upon	it	in	a	heap.	Another	flick	of	the
wand	and	the	sofa	zoomed	back	to	its	original	position.
“We	may	as	well	be	comfortable,”	said	Dumbledore	pleasantly.
As	he	replaced	his	wand	in	his	pocket,	Harry	saw	that	his	hand	was
blackened	and	shriveled;	it	looked	as	though	his	flesh	had	been	burned	away.
“Sir	—	what	happened	to	your	—	?”
“Later,	Harry,”	said	Dumbledore.	“Please	sit	down.”
Harry	took	the	remaining	armchair,	choosing	not	to	look	at	the	Dursleys,
who	seemed	stunned	into	silence.
“I	 would	 assume	 that	 you	 were	 going	 to	 offer	 me	 refreshment,”
Dumbledore	said	to	Uncle	Vernon,	“but	the	evidence	so	far	suggests	that	that
would	be	optimistic	to	the	point	of	foolishness.”
A	third	twitch	of	the	wand,	and	a	dusty	bottle	and	five	glasses	appeared	in
midair.	The	bottle	tipped	and	poured	a	generous	measure	of	honey-colored
liquid	into	each	of	the	glasses,	which	then	floated	to	each	person	in	the	room.