“Harry!”	he	boomed,	sweeping	Harry	into	a	bone-crushing	hug	the	moment
Harry	had	stepped	out	of	the	car.	“Buckbeak	—	Witherwings,	I	mean	—	yeh
should	see	him,	Harry,	he’s	so	happy	ter	be	back	in	the	open	air	—”
“Glad	he’s	pleased,”	said	Harry,	grinning	as	he	massaged	his	ribs.	“We
didn’t	know	‘security’	meant	you!”
“I	know,	jus’	like	old	times,	innit?	See,	the	Ministry	wanted	ter	send	a
bunch	o’	Aurors,	but	Dumbledore	said	I’d	do,”	said	Hagrid	proudly,	throwing
out	his	chest	and	tucking	his	thumbs	into	his	pockets.	“Let’s	get	goin’	then	—
after	yeh,	Molly,	Arthur	—”
The	Leaky	Cauldron	was,	for	the	first	time	in	Harry’s	memory,	completely
empty.	Only	Tom	the	landlord,	wizened	and	toothless,	remained	of	the	old
crowd.	He	looked	up	hopefully	as	they	entered,	but	before	he	could	speak,
Hagrid	 said	 importantly,	 “Jus’	 passin’	 through	 today,	 Tom,	 sure	 yeh
understand,	Hogwarts	business,	yeh	know.”
Tom	nodded	gloomily	and	returned	to	wiping	glasses;	Harry,	Hermione,
Hagrid,	and	the	Weasleys	walked	through	the	bar	and	out	into	the	chilly	little
courtyard	 at	 the	 back	 where	 the	 dustbins	 stood.	 Hagrid	 raised	 his	 pink
umbrella	and	rapped	a	certain	brick	in	the	wall,	which	opened	at	once	to	form
an	archway	onto	a	winding	cobbled	street.	They	stepped	through	the	entrance
and	paused,	looking	around.
Diagon	Alley	had	changed.	The	colorful,	glittering	window	displays	of
spellbooks,	potion	ingredients,	and	cauldrons	were	lost	to	view,	hidden	behind
the	large	Ministry	of	Magic	posters	that	had	been	pasted	over	them.	Most	of
these	somber	purple	posters	carried	blown-up	versions	of	the	security	advice
on	the	Ministry	pamphlets	that	had	been	sent	out	over	the	summer,	but	others
bore	moving	black-and-white	photographs	of	Death	Eaters	known	to	be	on
the	loose.	Bellatrix	Lestrange	was	sneering	from	the	front	of	the	nearest
apothecary.	A	few	windows	were	boarded	up,	including	those	of	Florean
Fortescue’s	Ice	Cream	Parlor.	On	the	other	hand,	a	number	of	shabby-looking
stalls	had	sprung	up	along	the	street.	The	nearest	one,	which	had	been	erected
outside	Flourish	and	Blotts,	under	a	striped,	stained	awning,	had	a	cardboard
sign	pinned	to	its	front:AMULETS
Effective	Against	Werewolves,	Dementors,	and	Inferi
A	seedy-looking	little	wizard	was	rattling	armfuls	of	silver	symbols	on
chains	at	passersby.
“One	for	your	little	girl,	madam?”	he	called	at	Mrs.	Weasley	as	they
passed,	leering	at	Ginny.	“Protect	her	pretty	neck?”
“If	I	were	on	duty	.	.	.”	said	Mr.	Weasley,	glaring	angrily	at	the	amulet
seller.
“Yes,	but	don’t	go	arresting	anyone	now,	dear,	we’re	in	a	hurry,”	said	Mrs.
Weasley,	nervously	consulting	a	list.	“I	think	we’d	better	do	Madam	Malkin’s
first,	Hermione	wants	new	dress	robes,	and	Ron’s	showing	much	too	much
ankle	in	his	school	robes,	and	you	must	need	new	ones	too,	Harry,	you’ve
grown	so	much	—	come	on,	everyone	—”
“Molly,	it	doesn’t	make	sense	for	all	of	us	to	go	to	Madam	Malkin’s,”	said
Mr.	Weasley.	“Why	don’t	those	three	go	with	Hagrid,	and	we	can	go	to
Flourish	and	Blotts	and	get	everyone’s	schoolbooks?”
“I	don’t	know,”	said	Mrs.	Weasley	anxiously,	clearly	torn	between	a	desire
to	finish	the	shopping	quickly	and	the	wish	to	stick	together	in	a	pack.
“Hagrid,	do	you	think	—	?”
“Don’	fret,	they’ll	be	fine	with	me,	Molly,”	said	Hagrid	soothingly,	waving
an	airy	hand	the	size	of	a	dustbin	lid.	Mrs.	Weasley	did	not	look	entirely
convinced,	but	allowed	the	separation,	scurrying	off	toward	Flourish	and
Blotts	with	her	husband	and	Ginny	while	Harry,	Ron,	Hermione,	and	Hagrid
set	off	for	Madam	Malkin’s.
Harry	noticed	that	many	of	the	people	who	passed	them	had	the	same
harried,	anxious	look	as	Mrs.	Weasley,	and	that	nobody	was	stopping	to	talk
anymore;	 the	 shoppers	 stayed	 together	 in	 their	 own	 tightly	 knit	 groups,
moving	intently	about	their	business.	Nobody	seemed	to	be	shopping	alone.
“Migh’	be	a	bit	of	a	squeeze	in	there	with	all	of	us,”	said	Hagrid,	stopping
outside	Madam	Malkin’s	and	bending	down	to	peer	through	the	window.	“I’ll
stand	guard	outside,	all	right?”So	Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	entered	the	little	shop	together.	It	appeared,
at	first	glance,	to	be	empty,	but	no	sooner	had	the	door	swung	shut	behind
them	than	they	heard	a	familiar	voice	issuing	from	behind	a	rack	of	dress
robes	in	spangled	green	and	blue.
“.	.	.	not	a	child,	in	case	you	haven’t	noticed,	Mother.	I	am	perfectly
capable	of	doing	my	shopping	
alone.
”
There	was	a	clucking	noise	and	a	voice	Harry	recognized	as	that	of	Madam
Malkin,	the	owner,	said,	“Now,	dear,	your	mother’s	quite	right,	none	of	us	is
supposed	to	go	wandering	around	on	our	own	anymore,	it’s	nothing	to	do
with	being	a	child	—”
“Watch	where	you’re	sticking	that	pin,	will	you!”
A	teenage	boy	with	a	pale,	pointed	face	and	white-blond	hair	appeared
from	behind	the	rack,	wearing	a	handsome	set	of	dark	green	robes	that
glittered	with	pins	around	the	hem	and	the	edges	of	the	sleeves.	He	strode	to
the	mirror	and	examined	himself;	it	was	a	few	moments	before	he	noticed
Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	reflected	over	his	shoulder.	His	light	gray	eyes
narrowed.
“If	you’re	wondering	what	the	smell	is,	Mother,	a	Mudblood	just	walked
in,”	said	Draco	Malfoy.
“I	don’t	think	there’s	any	need	for	language	like	that!”	said	Madam	Malkin,
scurrying	out	from	behind	the	clothes	rack	holding	a	tape	measure	and	a
wand.	“And	I	don’t	want	wands	drawn	in	my	shop	either!”	she	added	hastily,
for	a	glance	toward	the	door	had	shown	her	Harry	and	Ron	both	standing
there	 with	 their	 wands	 out	 and	 pointing	 at	 Malfoy.	 Hermione,	 who	 was
standing	slightly	behind	them,	whispered,	“No,	don’t,	honestly,	it’s	not	worth
it.	.	.	.”
“Yeah,	like	you’d	dare	do	magic	out	of	school,”	sneered	Malfoy.	“Who
blacked	your	eye,	Granger?	I	want	to	send	them	flowers.”
“That’s	 quite	 enough!”	 said	 Madam	 Malkin	 sharply,	 looking	 over	 her
shoulder	for	support.	“Madam	—	please	—”
Narcissa	Malfoy	strolled	out	from	behind	the	clothes	rack.“Put	those	away,”	she	said	coldly	to	Harry	and	Ron.	“If	you	attack	my	son
again,	I	shall	ensure	that	it	is	the	last	thing	you	ever	do.”
“Really?”	said	Harry,	taking	a	step	forward	and	gazing	into	the	smoothly
arrogant	face	that,	for	all	its	pallor,	still	resembled	her	sister’s.	He	was	as	tall
as	she	was	now.	“Going	to	get	a	few	Death	Eater	pals	to	do	us	in,	are	you?”
Madam	Malkin	squealed	and	clutched	at	her	heart.
“Really,	you	shouldn’t	accuse	—	dangerous	thing	to	say	—	wands	away,
please!”
But	Harry	did	not	lower	his	wand.	Narcissa	Malfoy	smiled	unpleasantly.
“I	see	that	being	Dumbledore’s	favorite	has	given	you	a	false	sense	of
security,	Harry	Potter.	But	Dumbledore	won’t	always	be	there	to	protect	you.”
Harry	looked	mockingly	all	around	the	shop.	“Wow	.	.	.	look	at	that	.	.	.	he’s
not	here	now!	So	why	not	have	a	go?	They	might	be	able	to	find	you	a	double
cell	in	Azkaban	with	your	loser	of	a	husband!”
Malfoy	made	an	angry	movement	toward	Harry,	but	stumbled	over	his
overlong	robe.	Ron	laughed	loudly.
“Don’t	you	dare	talk	to	my	mother	like	that,	Potter!”	Malfoy	snarled.
“It’s	all	right,	Draco,”	said	Narcissa,	restraining	him	with	her	thin	white
fingers	upon	his	shoulder.	“I	expect	Potter	will	be	reunited	with	dear	Sirius
before	I	am	reunited	with	Lucius.”
Harry	raised	his	wand	higher.
“Harry,	no!”	moaned	Hermione,	grabbing	his	arm	and	attempting	to	push	it
down	by	his	side.	“Think.	.	.	.	You	mustn’t.	.	.	.	You’ll	be	in	such	trouble.	.	.	.”
Madam	Malkin	dithered	for	a	moment	on	the	spot,	then	seemed	to	decide
to	act	as	though	nothing	was	happening	in	the	hope	that	it	wouldn’t.	She	bent
toward	Malfoy,	who	was	still	glaring	at	Harry.
“I	think	this	left	sleeve	could	come	up	a	little	bit	more,	dear,	let	me	just	—”
“Ouch!”	bellowed	Malfoy,	slapping	her	hand	away.	“Watch	where	you’re
putting	your	pins,	woman!	Mother	—	I	don’t	think	I	want	these	anymore	—”He	pulled	the	robes	over	his	head	and	threw	them	onto	the	floor	at	Madam
Malkin’s	feet.
“You’re	 right,	 Draco,”	 said	 Narcissa,	 with	 a	 contemptuous	 glance	 at
Hermione,	“now	I	know	the	kind	of	scum	that	shops	here.	.	.	.	We’ll	do	better
at	Twilfitt	and	Tatting’s.”
And	with	that,	the	pair	of	them	strode	out	of	the	shop,	Malfoy	taking	care
to	bang	as	hard	as	he	could	into	Ron	on	the	way	out.
“Well,	
really
!”	said	Madam	Malkin,	snatching	up	the	fallen	robes	and
moving	the	tip	of	her	wand	over	them	like	a	vacuum	cleaner,	so	that	it
removed	all	the	dust.
She	was	distracted	all	through	the	fitting	of	Ron’s	and	Harry’s	new	robes,
tried	to	sell	Hermione	wizard’s	dress	robes	instead	of	witch’s,	and	when	she
finally	bowed	them	out	of	the	shop	it	was	with	an	air	of	being	glad	to	see	the
back	of	them.
“Got	ev’rything?”	asked	Hagrid	brightly	when	they	reappeared	at	his	side.
“Just	about,”	said	Harry.	“Did	you	see	the	Malfoys?”
“Yeah,”	said	Hagrid,	unconcerned.	“Bu’	they	wouldn’	dare	make	trouble	in
the	middle	o’	Diagon	Alley,	Harry.	Don’	worry	abou’	them.”
Harry,	Ron,	and	Hermione	exchanged	looks,	but	before	they	could	disabuse
Hagrid	of	this	comfortable	notion,	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Weasley	and	Ginny	appeared,
all	clutching	heavy	packages	of	books.
“Everyone	all	right?”	said	Mrs.	Weasley.	“Got	your	robes?	Right	then,	we
can	pop	in	at	the	Apothecary	and	Eeylops	on	the	way	to	Fred	and	George’s	—
stick	close,	now.	.	.	.”
Neither	Harry	nor	Ron	bought	any	ingredients	at	the	Apothecary,	seeing
that	they	were	no	longer	studying	Potions,	but	both	bought	large	boxes	of	owl
nuts	for	Hedwig	and	Pigwidgeon	at	Eeylops	Owl	Emporium.	Then,	with	Mrs.
Weasley	checking	her	watch	every	minute	or	so,	they	headed	farther	along	the
street	in	search	of	Weasleys’	Wizard	Wheezes,	the	joke	shop	run	by	Fred	and
George.“We	really	haven’t	got	too	long,”	Mrs.	Weasley	said.	“So	we’ll	just	have	a
quick	look	around	and	then	back	to	the	car.	We	must	be	close,	that’s	number
ninety-two	.	.	.	ninety-four	.	.	.”
“Whoa,”
	said	Ron,	stopping	in	his	tracks.
Set	against	the	dull,	poster-muffled	shop	fronts	around	them,	Fred	and
George’s	windows	hit	the	eye	like	a	firework	display.	Casual	passersby	were
looking	back	over	their	shoulders	at	the	windows,	and	a	few	rather	stunned-
looking	people	had	actually	come	to	a	halt,	transfixed.	The	left-hand	window
was	dazzlingly	full	of	an	assortment	of	goods	that	revolved,	popped,	flashed,
bounced,	and	shrieked;	Harry’s	eyes	began	to	water	just	looking	at	it.	The
right-hand	window	was	covered	with	a	gigantic	poster,	purple	like	those	of
the	Ministry,	but	emblazoned	with	flashing	yellow	letters:
WHY	ARE	YOU	WORRYING	ABOUT	YOU-KNOW-WHO?
YOU	SHOULD	BE	WORRYING	ABOUT	U-NO-POO	—
THE	CONSTIPATION	SENSATION	THAT’S	GRIPPING	THE
NATION!
Harry	started	to	laugh.	He	heard	a	weak	sort	of	moan	beside	him	and
looked	around	to	see	Mrs.	Weasley	gazing,	dumbfounded,	at	the	poster.	Her
lips	moved	silently,	mouthing	the	name	“U-No-Poo.”
“They’ll	be	murdered	in	their	beds!”	she	whispered.
“No	 they	 won’t!”	 said	 Ron,	 who,	 like	 Harry,	 was	 laughing.	 “This	 is
brilliant!”
And	he	and	Harry	led	the	way	into	the	shop.	It	was	packed	with	customers;
Harry	could	not	get	near	the	shelves.	He	stared	around,	looking	up	at	the
boxes	piled	to	the	ceiling:	Here	were	the	Skiving	Snackboxes	that	the	twins
had	perfected	during	their	last,	unfinished	year	at	Hogwarts;	Harry	noticed
that	the	Nosebleed	Nougat	was	most	popular,	with	only	one	battered	box	left
on	the	shelf.	There	were	bins	full	of	trick	wands,	the	cheapest	merely	turning
into	rubber	chickens	or	pairs	of	briefs	when	waved,	the	most	expensive
beating	the	unwary	user	around	the	head	and	neck,	and	boxes	of	quills,	which
came	in	Self-Inking,	Spell-Checking,	and	Smart-Answer	varieties.	A	spacecleared	in	the	crowd,	and	Harry	pushed	his	way	toward	the	counter,	where	a
gaggle	of	delighted	ten-year-olds	was	watching	a	tiny	little	wooden	man
slowly	ascending	the	steps	to	a	real	set	of	gallows,	both	perched	on	a	box	that
read:	
REUSABLE	HANGMAN	—	SPELL	IT	OR	HE’LL	SWING!
“‘Patented	Daydream	Charms	.	.	.’”
Hermione	had	managed	to	squeeze	through	to	a	large	display	near	the
counter	and	was	reading	the	information	on	the	back	of	a	box	bearing	a	highly
colored	picture	of	a	handsome	youth	and	a	swooning	girl	who	were	standing
on	the	deck	of	a	pirate	ship.
“‘One	simple	incantation	and	you	will	enter	a	top-quality,	highly	realistic,
thirty-minute	 daydream,	 easy	 to	 fit	 into	 the	 average	 school	 lesson	 and
virtually	 undetectable	 (side	 effects	 include	 vacant	 expression	 and	 minor
drooling).	Not	for	sale	to	under-sixteens.’	You	know,”	said	Hermione,	looking
up	at	Harry,	“that	really	is	extraordinary	magic!”
“For	that,	Hermione,”	said	a	voice	behind	them,	“you	can	have	one	for
free.”
A	beaming	Fred	stood	before	them,	wearing	a	set	of	magenta	robes	that
clashed	magnificently	with	his	flaming	hair.
“How	are	you,	Harry?”	They	shook	hands.	“And	what’s	happened	to	your
eye,	Hermione?”
“Your	punching	telescope,”	she	said	ruefully.
“Oh	blimey,	I	forgot	about	those,”	said	Fred.	“Here	—”
He	pulled	a	tub	out	of	his	pocket	and	handed	it	to	her;	she	unscrewed	it
gingerly	to	reveal	a	thick	yellow	paste.
“Just	dab	it	on,	that	bruise’ll	be	gone	within	the	hour,”	said	Fred.	“We	had
to	 find	 a	 decent	 bruise	 remover.	 We’re	 testing	 most	 of	 our	 products	 on
ourselves.”
Hermione	looked	nervous.	“It	is	
safe,
	isn’t	it?”	she	asked.
“’Course	it	is,”	said	Fred	bracingly.	“Come	on,	Harry,	I’ll	give	you	a	tour.”Harry	left	Hermione	dabbing	her	black	eye	with	paste	and	followed	Fred
toward	the	back	of	the	shop,	where	he	saw	a	stand	of	card	and	rope	tricks.
“Muggle	magic	tricks!”	said	Fred	happily,	pointing	them	out.	“For	freaks
like	Dad,	you	know,	who	love	Muggle	stuff.	It’s	not	a	big	earner,	but	we	do
fairly	steady	business,	they’re	great	novelties.	.	.	.	Oh,	here’s	George.	.	.	.”
Fred’s	twin	shook	Harry’s	hand	energetically.
“Giving	him	the	tour?	Come	through	the	back,	Harry,	that’s	where	we’re
making	the	real	money	—	
pocket	anything,	you,	and	you’ll	pay	in	more	than
Galleons!
”	he	added	warningly	to	a	small	boy	who	hastily	whipped	his	hand
out	of	the	tub	labeled	
EDIBLE	DARK	MARKS	—	THEY’LL	MAKE	ANYONE	SICK!
George	pushed	back	a	curtain	beside	the	Muggle	tricks	and	Harry	saw	a
darker,	 less	 crowded	 room.	 The	 packaging	 on	 the	 products	 lining	 these
shelves	was	more	subdued.
“We’ve	just	developed	this	more	serious	line,”	said	Fred.	“Funny	how	it
happened	.	.	.”
“You	wouldn’t	believe	how	many	people,	even	people	who	work	at	the
Ministry,	can’t	do	a	decent	Shield	Charm,”	said	George.	“’Course,	they	didn’t
have	you	teaching	them,	Harry.”
“That’s	right.	.	.	.	Well,	we	thought	Shield	Hats	were	a	bit	of	a	laugh,	you
know,	challenge	your	mate	to	jinx	you	while	wearing	it	and	watch	his	face
when	the	jinx	just	bounces	off.	But	the	Ministry	bought	five	hundred	for	all
its	support	staff!	And	we’re	still	getting	massive	orders!”
“So	we’ve	expanded	into	a	range	of	Shield	Cloaks,	Shield	Gloves	.	.	.”
“.	.	.	I	mean,	they	wouldn’t	help	much	against	the	Unforgivable	Curses,	but
for	minor	to	moderate	hexes	or	jinxes	.	.	.”
“And	then	we	thought	we’d	get	into	the	whole	area	of	Defense	Against	the
Dark	 Arts,	 because	 it’s	 such	 a	 money	 spinner,”	 continued	 George
enthusiastically.	 “This	 is	 cool.	 Look,	 Instant	 Darkness	 Powder,	 we’re
importing	it	from	Peru.	Handy	if	you	want	to	make	a	quick	escape.”
“And	our	Decoy	Detonators	are	just	walking	off	the	shelves,	look,”	saidFred,	pointing	at	a	number	of	weird-looking	black	horn-type	objects	that	were
indeed	attempting	to	scurry	out	of	sight.	“You	just	drop	one	surreptitiously
and	it’ll	run	off	and	make	a	nice	loud	noise	out	of	sight,	giving	you	a
diversion	if	you	need	one.”
“Handy,”	said	Harry,	impressed.
“Here,”	said	George,	catching	a	couple	and	throwing	them	to	Harry.
A	young	witch	with	short	blonde	hair	poked	her	head	around	the	curtain;
Harry	saw	that	she	too	was	wearing	magenta	staff	robes.
“There’s	a	customer	out	here	looking	for	a	joke	cauldron,	Mr.	Weasley	and
Mr.	Weasley,”	she	said.
Harry	found	it	very	odd	to	hear	Fred	and	George	called	“Mr.	Weasley,”	but
they	took	it	in	their	stride.
“Right	you	are,	Verity,	I’m	coming,”	said	George	promptly.	“Harry,	you
help	yourself	to	anything	you	want,	all	right?	No	charge.”
“I	can’t	do	that!”	said	Harry,	who	had	already	pulled	out	his	money	bag	to
pay	for	the	Decoy	Detonators.
“You	don’t	pay	here,”	said	Fred	firmly,	waving	away	Harry’s	gold.
“But	—”
“You	gave	us	our	start-up	loan,	we	haven’t	forgotten,”	said	George	sternly.
“Take	whatever	you	like,	and	just	remember	to	tell	people	where	you	got	it,	if
they	ask.”
George	swept	off	through	the	curtain	to	help	with	the	customers,	and	Fred
led	Harry	back	into	the	main	part	of	the	shop	to	find	Hermione	and	Ginny	still
poring	over	the	Patented	Daydream	Charms.
“Haven’t	you	girls	found	our	special	WonderWitch	products	yet?”	asked
Fred.	“Follow	me,	ladies.	.	.	.”
Near	the	window	was	an	array	of	violently	pink	products	around	which	a
cluster	of	excited	girls	was	giggling	enthusiastically.	Hermione	and	Ginny
both	hung	back,	looking	wary.“There	you	go,”	said	Fred	proudly.	“Best	range	of	love	potions	you’ll	find
anywhere.”
Ginny	raised	an	eyebrow	skeptically.	“Do	they	work?”	she	asked.
“Certainly	they	work,	for	up	to	twenty-four	hours	at	a	time	depending	on
the	weight	of	the	boy	in	question	—”
“—	and	the	attractiveness	of	the	girl,”	said	George,	reappearing	suddenly	at
their	side.	“But	we’re	not	selling	them	to	our	sister,”	he	added,	becoming
suddenly	stern,	“not	when	she’s	already	got	about	five	boys	on	the	go	from
what	we’ve	—”
“Whatever	you’ve	heard	from	Ron	is	a	big	fat	lie,”	said	Ginny	calmly,
leaning	forward	to	take	a	small	pink	pot	off	the	shelf.	“What’s	this?”
“Guaranteed	 ten-second	 pimple	 vanisher,”	 said	 Fred.	 “Excellent	 on
everything	from	boils	to	blackheads,	but	don’t	change	the	subject.	Are	you	or
are	you	not	currently	going	out	with	a	boy	called	Dean	Thomas?”
“Yes,	I	am,”	said	Ginny.	“And	last	time	I	looked,	he	was	definitely	one	boy,
not	five.	What	are	those?”
She	was	pointing	at	a	number	of	round	balls	of	fluff	in	shades	of	pink	and
purple,	all	rolling	around	the	bottom	of	a	cage	and	emitting	high-pitched
squeaks.
“Pygmy	Puffs,”	said	George.	“Miniature	puffskeins,	we	can’t	breed	them
fast	enough.	So	what	about	Michael	Corner?”
“I	dumped	him,	he	was	a	bad	loser,”	said	Ginny,	putting	a	finger	through
the	bars	of	the	cage	and	watching	the	Pygmy	Puffs	crowd	around	it.	“They’re
really	cute!”
“They’re	fairly	cuddly,	yes,”	conceded	Fred.	“But	you’re	moving	through
boyfriends	a	bit	fast,	aren’t	you?”
Ginny	turned	to	look	at	him,	her	hands	on	her	hips.	There	was	such	a	Mrs.
Weasley-ish	glare	on	her	face	that	Harry	was	surprised	Fred	didn’t	recoil.
“It’s	none	of	your	business.	And	I’ll	thank	
you,
”	she	added	angrily	to	Ron,
who	had	just	appeared	at	George’s	elbow,	laden	with	merchandise,	“not	to	tell
